Add FAQ for libraries that get removed (#243)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-docs: docs/faq.md

Although we try to maintain backward compatibility, new features added to the ScPCA Portal may result in downloads that are no longer compatible with code written with older downloads from the ScPCA Portal in mind.
Please see our {ref}`CHANGELOG <CHANGELOG:CHANGELOG>` for a summary of changes that impact downloads from the Portal.

## I previously downloaded a sample that is no longer on the Portal, why can't I find it?

We process and release all data provided to us on the Portal.
We do not conduct any quality screening before releasing the data.

> However, to assess library quality, we provide a QC report with each download.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, we provide a QC report with each download so that users may assess library quality themselves.
```
